Sports are an important part of any person’s life. The importance of sports in our lives touches all realms of life with valuable effects on health, psychological welfare, personal development and the like. Sports are specifically important to kids since they aid all aspects of development in children. Importance of sports in children is, therefore, a subject of great concern to parents since some parents may miss the importance of sports in their kid’s lives and deny them to participate in sports. This will make the kids to miss an essential ingredient of their development since with parents who do not value the engagement of their kids in games; it will be difficult for a kid to engage in the same. This paper is an in-depth exploration of the advantages of engaging children in sports at a tender age. There are a myriad of advantages that accrue with the engagement of children in sports at a tender age. First of all, the kids get physical practice and thus they are able to engage in other physical activities with ease. This way, the kids also become healthier since they help the children’s bodies to burn excess calories. Games also help kids to unwind after a tedious day at school. They forget all the stresses of school work and enjoy their time in the field. This enables them to relax and go back to school the following day with a refreshed mind which will translate to better performance in school (Pascual 1). Among the most valuable benefits of engaging kids in games is the fact that the games help to keep the kids occupied and thus the kids will not be idle. This is a very valuable benefit since idleness in kids may have very serious repercussions. These repercussions include succumbing to influence from other kids and also keeping bad company. Idle kids are also prone to development of psychological problems which may prove to be a serious challenge. Such problems include autism which is mostly genetic but which can also be developed by idle children. On the other hand, bad company may make the kids develop undesirable characters like drug abuse at a tender age (Pascual 1). As stated in the paragraph above, games are a very important part of a kid’s development process. While in the playground, kids learn very important concepts that have a life-long influence on their lives. Some of the skills developed by children in the playground include teamwork, acceptance of failure/defeat, ability to relate well with other people and development of skills for relating empathetically with other people and the like. These skills become very valuable as the kid grows since the kid encounters difficulties in life that he/she solves using skills gained in the playground. Most of these difficulties are social difficulties. The playground is bound to make children develop empathy since in each game there is a winner and a loser. In case the kid loses, he/she will learn how to accept failure (Pascual 1). In case he/she wins, he will learn how to handle success while at the same time being empathetic with other people. Lastly, some people are highly talented in games and not in other aspects of life like class work and the like. Engaging kids in games therefore ensures that the kids are given a chance to explore their talents and thus they discover what they are highly talented in. This may fill the thin gap between the success and the failure of the kid in life. This is because if the kid is not talented in other things, it is unlikely that he/she will succeed in life, but if the kid is given the chance to discover and develop his/her talent in games, he/she may develop a very successful career in the games (Moss 1). For instance, if a kid is really talented in soccer and lacks other talents, it will be wise to engage the kid in sports and probably make the kid join an academy for the same. This is because soccer is among the best paying professions in the world. As much as games are important in the lives of children, care must be taken to ensure that kids do not engage in unproductive games. For instance, computer games have been proven to do more harm than good to children. This is because they actually make children develop autistic characteristics and also make them perform poorly in other aspects of their lives like academics. Parents should therefore be extra careful to ensure that their kids are guarded against games that may affect their lives negatively. In the same way, parents should identify games that are bound to aid the development of their kids and facilitate their kids to engage in them. This will ensure that kids reap maximum benefits from their childhood bliss and also ensure that no opportunity for development of game skills is missed since some of these games may turn out to be very lucrative in the course of the life of the child. The Internet has emerged as one of the fundamental highways for information traffic. The level of efficiency at which a website successfully performs its designed function is dependant on its architecture and consequently performance. This calls for the need to constantly evaluate, based on given criteria, the content and performance of a website. Additionally, evaluation offers a unique opportunity for expansion of the existing techniques and the development of new ones where applicable (Yeung & Law, 2006: 463). It is worth acknowledging that the internet is a ubiquitous medium. This is in the sense that other than the question of affordability, the internet exercises some form of pervasiveness with regard to authorship and audience (Perdue, 2001: 29). The websites fundamentally play the role of international information transformation in addition to their role as a persuasion medium. It is thus vital that evaluation is done with the help of appropriate tools and techniques in order to discern quality websites (Aaberge, et al, 2004:310). Websites play diverse functions depending on the intention of their developers. Such functions may include personal or biographic data websites, promotional purposes, informational purposes, advocacy/persuasion purposes, instructional agenda, registrations, and finally entertainment purposes (Au Yeung, & Law, 2006:454). The successful usage of a website is thus dependant on the success with which it accomplishes its function (Yeung & Law, 2006: 462). Such success is, however, based on the application of its contents. It may be argued that the summation of the individual components of a website may translate to the success of the given website. This paper examines two websites specifically designed in reference to the 2010 world in South Africa. Both offer information relating to the world cup activities. This website’s functions revolve around the 2010 FIFA world cup in South Africa. It uniquely presents an array of information with regard to the world cup, ranging from ticketing, stadiums, and staying reservations. The website’s homepage is illustrated below. Despite offering similar information, the two websites differ in their approach to the display of information. Comparison of the website will be based on a combination of its branding features, human interaction features, and its usability (Patton, 2002: 11). Various elements have often been suggested that qualitatively analyze websites. The elements enhance and facilitate usability and efficient website functionality. Homepage’s of the two websites differ in appearance. The southafrica trips website has an appearance that is more official and information oriented. A wealth of information is provided in the homepage with only a few navigational buttons availed. Calendar world website on the other hand is more interactive and user involving. Plenty of navigational buttons that involve the user are present. Information is presented in an interactive way. Both websites have good visibility features. Southafrica trips website uses very few colors and lesser interactive features making the website a little dull as compared to the calendar world website where a combination of colors mainly primary are applied within its concentric interactive frame. The website is well designed in terms of color, image and animation arrays. However, the southafrica trips website is richer in information and offers plenty of external links that lead tor real pages with real information for those who intended to visit the country for the games. Calendar world website has limited external links on its homepage. Both sides retain their major navigational icons throughout its pages to enhance transition from one area to another. For instance clicking on the travel and hotels (southafrica trips website) icon leads one into an assortment of hotels and travel agencies of which the present external links leads one to their respective websites. The major icons remain the same even as page transition takes place (see screen shot below) Clicking on the results links one to a page with the games results though the major navigational icons remains the same. However, unlike the home page, internal navigation presents pages that are less aesthetically appealing compared to the homepage. Sub-navigational icons are also present Both websites are easily accessible with no significant technical hitches experienced. The calendar world website however requires additional software for all its features are to be viewed something that lessens its ease of accessibility more so for those who cannot access the software. Unlike the southafrica trips website, it is best viewed using higher PC’s with approximately 1.2 GHz and 256 MB of RAM. This is given the increased animations it uses. Internet connectivity also needs to be high with at least 112 kb/s preferable. Additional software are necessary for the calendarworld website e.g. adobe flash player. This is not the case for southafrica trips website. Another area of comparison between the websites is interactivity. Both do not offer an avenue for interaction between its users and the management team or the developers. However, the calendarworld website offers the sites visitors an avenue for making comments through its blog section. Room for personalization e.g. through membership is not offered by either of the sites and hence no such icons are provided. Additional, no search icons are provided making navigation the only way to access information from the sites. The site’s commercial elements of the two sites also differ. Unlike the case of calendarworld, southafrica trips website offers lost of advertisement through links that director visitors to respective sites where they can obtain more information regarding various services e.g. hotel and travel agencies. The calendarworld on the other hand only offers a few advertisements and instead focuses more on providing information relating to the actual games and participants. In general, southafrica trips website offers a whole package for the intended visitors ranging from accommodation information to travel information. This particular branch of sports refers to the factors especially the mental-oriented factors that affect the effectiveness as far as the performance of a sportsman or sportswoman is concerned. It entails the effort to seek to comprehend the mental as well as psychological issues responsible for interfering with the performance in sports activities (Shane, 2005). Some of these factors range from personal confidence to the support offered by the cheering squad. Therefore, sport psychology is concerned with the study of the skill and tactics that will enable sportspeople to increase their performance. Some of these skills include concentration during the game, enough training, self-confidence, relaxation during the game, goal setting, and most importantly teamwork (Shane, 2005). Other major skills that have to be observed for a sportsman to improve performance include emotional management and also ensuring that any injuries are minimized as much as possible. The video clip is a representation of a basketball game. Usually, this is a sport that entails teamwork. This is because the effort of each member of the team dictates the performance of that particular team. Each of the teams contains five players. The video is in a sports activity setting. The actual action can be seen. Several issues can be picked by observing the video clip which includes: Group cohesion: This entails how the members of the team share the tasks in which they are involved (Shane, 2005). It can also show the aspect of social bonds that the players share amongst themselves. Considering the video clip, I would say that the team members have very good and excellent group cohesion among themselves. This is shown by the way they relate to each other during the game. Moreover, after one of them scored the rest of the team members run to him to celebrate together. Imagery: This refers to the visual images that are formed in the mind of the observer (Shane, 2005). For instance, the ladies that are watching the game as the clip begins are already standing as well as the entire crowd simply because by following the game keenly, they can anticipate a score. This is because of the images they have already formed in their mind as they follow the event. Attention and focus: This refers to the ability of the player to be able to put their full focus on the activity they are being involved in. In the clip, one of the team members in black sport wear is still very focused and able to score despite the shouts, the distance, and the disruptions from his opponent. He is doing it from a very far distance. In addition to that, he is also not bothered by the issue of time. All that matters is for him to aim and then score. Motivation: Motivation refers to any effort that is put forth that is focused on the players to encourage them to perform well (Shane, 2005). This may come from the coach, the other team members as well as the cheering crowd. Concerning the video, the players have been given great motivation as they go about their activity. From the cheering crowd, people can be seen clapping and encouraging their favorite team especially when the ball is on their court. Moreover, the team members are seen lifting and carrying one of their members who has just made them proud by scoring. Internal monologue: This is another very important aspect as far as sport is concerned. In any game, this is very hard to identify because it involves the internal positive thoughts of the player during the game. The players, as a form of keeping focus and concentration, must keep a personal conversation in their minds. This is whereby they can calculate the distance from where they should score or even pass the ball to the team members accurately. In the clip, the members of the team that is in black have better internal monologue as compared to the team members in yellow. This is because, unlike the team in yellow, the team in black has not had its members miss the ball or score. In an actual sense, the team in black has a very great focus. Critics: This is another very important aspect or factor that can boost and improve the performance of a particular team. However, the critics are to be very positive to enable the team members to correct their mistakes. Usually, these should come from team members and the coach. The coach is entitled to correct his team where they go wrong. Also, the team members, since they are the ones involved in the actual game, should be responsible for correcting any team member that makes a mistake in the process of playing. A good example is a manner in which the team in yellow is seen to consult each other after the team in black scores.